# Exam Appeal Policy
Academy of Learning® Career College has established an exam appeal procedure for a reassessment of a student's exam. When the Director, Learning Coach or the student queries a question or feels that a question on an exam was marked incorrectly, according to the courseware studied, the Director or Learning Coach, if they agree that the student's claim is legitimate, will submit a Petition to the Help Desk.

Help Desk is a method for college staff to communicate with the Academic Division of LaunchLife™ International Inc. If there is a Petition with any of the Online Multiple-Choice exams, attention is immediately drawn to the problem question. Wording of the question as well as the selection of responses are reviewed and re-assessed. If the Petition is successful, marks are adjusted to compensate the student accordingly. If a Petition is unsuccessful, an explanation will be provided to validate both the question and the correct answer(s).

If a grade appeal is raised by a student enrolled in third-party program, the Learning Coach can contact the Academic Division of LaunchLife™ International Inc. via the Help Desk using the Course Query function. The Academic Division reviews the student's appeal and will direct it to the appropriate third-party provider. Subsequently, the third-party provider will review the appeal, will decide, and will then report back to the Academic Division. The final decision of the grade appeal will be reported back to the Learning Coach by way of the Academic Division.