# Attendance Policy
The Academy of Learning® Career College's flexibility allows you to work at your own pace. You may select the hours of attendance that suit your circumstances, but this is subject to workstation availability and within the college's hours of operation. The minimum weekly hours you wish to attend is considered and agreed to at the time of enrollment. However, this is subject to the program's registration as set out by the ministry and your funding source. You may put in additional hours before your end dates providing arrangements have been made to reserve a workstation for this purpose.

No refund of tuition will be given for occasional absences from classes. The student is obligated to complete the program of study within the time frame determined as the end date and the college's guidelines for completing individual courses. During the term of the contract, a student's progress is evaluated, and changes may be considered and recommended to adjust for the pace of the student, and his or her attendance and progress requirements.

Regular attendance is not only a good habit, it is also important in terms of your professional growth. In addition, there is often a direct relationship between regular attendance and academic success. A permanent record of your attendance will be kept.

Please give as much advance notice as you can, if you are unable to attend class. You may be placed on probation or dismissed if there is a record of excessive absenteeism. If you are receiving financial aid, please see the Student Aid BC Loan Requirements section, and Other Funding Sources section for specific details regarding their attendance requirements. We encourage you to clarify any questions with the Admissions Representative at your campus.